# CS-370-Current-Emerging-Trends-in-Computer-Science

## PROJECT SUMMARY
The following project is Reinforcement Deep Learning. We are provided with the necessary to run the specific treasure hunting games - such as the moves, point system, etc. We are required to create the Q-Algoritnm for storing and saving the different experiences the agent goes through to achieve its goal of finding the treasure. 
I wrote code that addressed creating each episode, epoch loops when it was appropriate to switch between a random move or the quality algorithm when to reference the actions taken in the neural network to use in later episodes, and the win and loss states. Project two came loaded with both the Keras and dependent libraries in addition to the model structure used in the neural network. Additionally, it was loaded with controllers for the default variables that the model parameters and the number of episodes use to initiate the treasure hunter program.

### What do computer scientists do and why does it matter?
As I computer scientist I work to create solutions that are both intuitive and efficient in benefiting mankind with the use of computers. Through this course, I have worked to expand my knowledge of Ai and how it fits into the future of the growing computer science field. With this knowledge, I can bring automation and simplicity to computer programs by implementing AI in future projects. These solutions are important as they affect not just me, the creator of this software, but the people who interact with them as well. Considering this I have learned how regulations such as the EU's GDPR protect people and their data that would be used with an AI like this.

### How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
My first step is to gather data on the problem and understand it better. Once I have a better understanding of the problem, I try to understand the final solution that I am trying to find. Doing so allows me to gain insights into what potential steps I would need to take to reach that solution. Finally, I plan out the steps I am going to take to reach the solution and the research I will need to do.

### What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?
The ethical responsibilities that we have to the end users and the organizations are that we need to ensure their privacy and confidentiality are not affected. We would need to implement the appropriate security measures to only collect or store data with consent. We would need to develop and maintain a secure system that will protect them from cyber threats, data breaches, and unauthorized access. To the organizations, we would need to be honest about our capabilities, and qualifications, while informing them of any potential risks or limitations of the code we developed. We need to work effectively with other team members while being open and accepting of different social backgrounds, ideas, and beliefs.
